Add docs for the new API keys provisioning role (#7564)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/users-roles/cloud-organization/manage-users.md

5. If desired, assign roles to the users so that they automatically get the appropriate permissions when they accept the invitation and sign in to your organization.

>     You can grant access to {{ech}} deployments, {{serverless-full}} projects, or connected clusters, either to all resources or scoped to specific ones. You can also allow the member you invite to manage workload credentials by assigning the [**Workload credentials owner**](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cloud-organization/user-roles.md#workload-credentials-owner) role, so they can create and manage their own [{{ecloud}} API keys](/deploy-manage/api-keys/elastic-cloud-api-keys.md).

Reviewer: There's a small. nuance here that I'd like to discuss:
The reason we call the role "Workload credentials owner" and not "API Key owner/manager" is that we foresee we will be generalizing the capability once we introduce other credential types, e.g. Service accounts. So calling out "can create and manage **API Keys**" here is correct but not necessarily evergreen.

Author: OK, should we call it out in the docs as well? 

If we still want to call out the API keys link, we could say something like:

```suggestion
    You can grant access to {{ech}} deployments, {{serverless-full}} projects, or connected clusters, either to all resources or scoped to specific ones. You can also allow the member you invite to manage workload credentials by assigning the [**Workload credentials owner**](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cloud-organization/user-roles.md#workload-credentials-owner) role. Today, that means they can create and manage their own [{{ecloud}} API keys](/deploy-manage/api-keys/elastic-cloud-api-keys.md).
```

Otherwise, I'm happy to drop the `can create and manage API Keys` bit of this sentence altogether.

Author: I've updated the sentence now to be slightly more generic. Wdyt?

Reviewer: > should we call it out in the docs as well?

No, I don't think we ought to talk about future capabilities in the docs.

Your edit LGTM.
